Deduplication of content in career dev framework pages (#4020)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/career-development/talent-review-process.md

## Levels

> We have seven levels for software engineers at Sourcegraph, derived from Option Impact, a startup compensation tool that Sourcegraph and many other companies use to determine their compensation bands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [career development framework](framework.md) defines the levels that exist at Sourcegraph. Compensation for each of these levels is derived from Option Impact, a startup compensation tool that Sourcegraph and many other companies use to determine their compensation bands.
```

> Levels 1-5 are [described in our career development framework](framework.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
